1. Pass By Value vs Pass By Reference?
=> https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/javascript/pass-by-value-and-pass-by-reference-in-javascript/

***Does JavaScript Truly Support "Pass by Reference"?
=> JavaScript does not have "true pass by reference." Instead:

   Primitive types (like numbers, strings, booleans) are always passed by value—a copy of the value is passed.
   For objects and arrays, JavaScript passes the reference value, which is essentially a pointer to the memory 
   location of the data. This allows modifications to the object or array but does not allow reassigning the 
   original variable within the function.


2. What is Time and Space complexity? How to calculate in code snippets?
=> Time Complexity: The time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run 
   as a function of the length of the input. Note that the time to run is a function of the length of the input and not 
   the actual execution time of the machine on which the algorithm is running on.

   To estimate the time complexity, we need to consider the cost of each fundamental instruction and the number of times 
   the instruction is executed.

   Space Complexity: The space complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of space taken by an algorithm to run as a 
   function of the length of the input.

   To estimate the memory requirement we need to focus on two parts: 

   (1) A fixed part: It is independent of the input size. It includes memory for instructions, constants, variables, etc.

   (2) A variable part: It is dependent on the input size. It includes memory for recursion stack, referenced variables, etc.

   There is also auxiliary space, which is different from space complexity. The main difference is where space complexity 
   quantifies the total space used by the algorithm, auxiliary space quantifies the extra space that is used in the 
   algorithm apart from the given input.

   Reference: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/time-complexity-and-space-complexity/